Nan Nan, your third brother is back from the tour.
He said he brought a gift, you go and see him.
Nan Nan, slow down.
thump thump thump thump
Second brother and third brother, you are back
Did you hear we bought gifts?
Just came to pick us up, so what?
Do you have my gift?
How could there be no my sister?
Find it in the car
Okay.
Hmm, sister?
Wait until the brothers put these things back
Come see you again?
OK
My gift.
Depending on the style, it should be beaten by the mother.
What about mine?
Yo Sunan
You can also participate in the mission of the Su family, but you don't know
Is Tao the second aunt or the third husband?
Bring you here
I'm here for a party at my house
Why do you need someone to bring it?